when i think about donald trump
vegan gains and onision the fundamental
thing they have in common
is that they all started doing
comedy and let's be more precise here
donald trump vegan gains and onision
their form of comedy was a type of
self-parody and self-mockery
[Music]
[Applause]
we have a great country that's my
thoughts
this country
no i'm not thinking about concession
speech or except
in the speech yet hopefully we'll be
only
doing one of those two and you know
winning is easy
losing is never easy not for me it's not
and i just want to thank you
because you're very very special people
you were here long before any of us were
here
although we have a representative in
congress who
they say was here a long time ago they
call her pocahontas
but you know what i like you
because you are special like you go
person
woman man camera
tv so they said could you repeat that
so i said yeah so it's person
woman man camera tv
okay that's very good if you get it in
order you get extra points
he said nobody gets in an order it's
actually not that easy but for me it was
easy
and that's not an easy question
do you think you'll miss him when he's
gone do you think he'll ever wake up and
think boy i kind of
miss the sound of donald trump's voice
on the news in the morning
i think there were a whole lot of new
yorkers already
who miss donald trump not as we know him
in the year 2020 but as we knew him just
a few decades ago
the fictional character he used to
portray
on new york morning shows the guy he
used to come on the howard stern show
not so much speaking as himself
but representing this sort of cartoon
version of the spoiled manhattan
millionaire right this image of a tycoon
that you know began in american culture
in the 1930s
maybe was reinvented in batman and
superman comic books right
it was donald trump playing lex luthor
that's what it was that's what new
yorkers love that's probably a character
they'll miss
i have footage i've used on my channel
of donald trump
sitting down with 50 cent the rapper you
know with whoever the hot rappers are
hamming it up you know uh sitting with
puff daddy
at basketball games for years and years
before he was a politician really
donald trump was a comedian and his
particular
style of comedy was self parody
and it may be hard it may be hard right
now in 2020
but i think there are new yorkers who as
the years go by
they'll admit that they miss that just
this wacky character
that's what he was he was on the cast of
characters
on howard stern he was coming up with
one pretext
after another to uh promote himself on
the late show with
david letterman do you remember that
david letterman confronted him
because he said he had a new line of
neckties donald trump and he's here
trying to advertise them on the guy show
and taylor was oh yeah um tell me
something can you can you look at the
label there well what is it what does it
say there where was it made
made in china right at that time donald
trump was
you know pumping all this anti-china
rhetoric against important things from
china
that was the donald trump people new and
loved not the politician
but the comedian i think i think it's
fair to say
donald trump in his own mind never
really drew a distinction
between fiction and fact he was someone
who wanted
to live a lie and for a little while
he managed to lead a large part of the
american public
to to live a lie with him has a single
person said to you about donald trump
that you'll miss him when he's gone has
even one person in your life
said that to you how about an issue
almost covered over with the uh
rush of first-time gun owners
stockpiling munitions in case of a civil
war
was the fact that over at anissian
speaks here on youtube
one of the most legendary uh dissident
intellectuals among us
ex-vegetarian ex-vegan onision
has given up on youtube forever when i
think about
donald trump vegan gains
and onision the fundamental thing they
have in common
is that they all started doing comedy
and let's be more precise here donald
trump
vegan gains and onision their
form of comedy was a type of
self-parody and self-mockery
figures like vegan gains and onision
up to a certain point what they were
doing on youtube
was comedy it was specifically
self-parity
self mockery presenting in many ways an
exaggerated version of their own
character
but in all three cases it seems as if
these comedians themselves never really
had a firm grip
on when the comedy stopped when it
stopped being funny
and when it became in a strange sense
all too serious
at some point onision's channel
ceased to have formally written scripts
and
wigs and you know satirical sketches
right and it started being increasingly
these sort of strange
indeed overtly political social justice
warrior
rants and live streams and his weighing
in on ethical issues as he
saw on them vegan gains do you think he
has
do you think he was a point in which he
made the decision that he was no longer
going to write a script wear a
wig active company at what point did he
stop
joking and start deadpan serious
humorlessly engaging in quote-unquote
debates
about issues like gun control some of
you your memories may not be long enough
if you watched vegan gains during his
first year the year where he rose to
fame
and i told you hey you know what just a
couple years ago in the future this
guy's gonna be sitting there
deadpan serious not a single joke not a
single
wig he's gonna be sitting there dead
serious staring into the camera
lecturing you about gun control and
abortion
his political view and it's not funny
and it's not entertaining
and it's not intelligent and in all
three cases
i think these men utterly failed to
appreciate the extent to which
public enthusiasm for them and public
support for them
was simply based on a joke
it's ties shirts cufflinks everything
sold at macy's and they're doing great
number one selling tie anywhere in the
world
eyes where the ties they have these are
beautiful ties they are great
the ties are made in where china ties
are made to china
well i'll tell you and and you know what
david in all fairness
i've been very open about that let's
just let's just get
to shut down the donald trump factory in
beijing
i would love to and and we'll put up a
thai factory in the jamaica queen i love
it and we'll make
we'll make the donald trump either